[Term Entry] Swift Arrays: .map() (#1131)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/arrays/terms/map/map.md

---
Title: '.map()'

> Description: 'Returns an array containing the results of mapping the given closure over the sequence’s elements.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a new array with the results of calling a function for every element in the array.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`.map()`** method executes a function passed as a parameter when calling itself and returns the result. All types that follow Swift's Sequence and Collection protocols can use maps. Using the map, each value contained in the container is applied to the function received through the parameter, then packaged in the container again and returned. The value of the existing container is not changed and a new container is created and returned.

Reviewer: - Let's keep the .map() in backticks and also bolded.
- Put Sequence and Collection in backticks.

> The **`.map()`** method executes a function passed as a parameter when calling itself and returns the result. All types that follow Swift's Sequence and Collection protocols can use maps. Using the map, each value contained in the container is applied to the function received through the parameter, then packaged in the container again and returned. The value of the existing container is not changed and a new container is created and returned.

Reviewer 2: @yangc95 Added them to my suggestion. Let me know if there is anything else I missed. Thanks!

## Syntax

```pseudo
arrayName.map()
```

## Example

```swift
let name = ["Gaeun", "River", "Minkyeong", "Dani"]
let lowercaseNames = name.map { $0.lowercased() }
print(lowercaseNames)

let letterCounts = name.map { $0.count }
print(letterCounts)
```

> In the example above, circulating the array entered in the name, each element is either made into a lower case or returned to a new array by counting the number of characters in the element. This will output:

Reviewer: Can we break this explanation up?

Each element in the `name` array is going to get lower-cased and placed into a new array named `lowerCaseNames`.

Then, the `name` array is mapped over again and a new array is returned with the count of each element. 

Feel free to say this in your own words and keep the sentence structure consistent (something I did not do, but the above is an example of two different ways you can phrase it).

> In the example above, Each element in the name array is going to get lower-cased and placed into a new array named lowerCaseNames. Then, the name array is mapped over again and a new array is returned with the count of each element. This will output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, each element in the `name` array is going to get lower-cased and placed into a new array named `lowerCaseNames`. Then, the `name` array is mapped over again and a new array is returned with the count of each element. This will output:
```

Author: I change this ~

> In the example above, each element in the `name` array is going to get lower-cased and placed into a new array named `lowerCaseNames`. Then, the `name` array is mapped over again and a new array is returned with the count of each element. This will output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example above, each element in the `name` array is lower-cased and placed into a new array named `lowerCaseNames`. Then, the `name` array is mapped over again and a new array is returned with the count of each element. This will output:
```

---
Title: '.map()'
Description: 'Returns a new array with the results of calling a function for every element in the array.'
Subjects:
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`.map()`** method returns a new array containing the transformed values from calling the passed-in [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures) on each element of the given collection. It can be used on types that follow Swift's `Sequence` and `Collection` protocols such as arrays, [sets](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/sets), and [dictionaries](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/dictionaries). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.map()`** method returns a new array containing the transformed values from calling the passed-in [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures) on each element of the given collection. It can be used on types that follow Swift's `Sequence` and `Collection` protocols such as [arrays](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/arrays), [sets](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/sets), and [dictionaries](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/dictionaries). 
```
